Update introduction - Closes #622 (#630)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Its main purpose is to provide enriched data from the xref:{url_sdk_api}[Lisk SDK API].
This component is aimed at providing high availability, efficient and reliable access to the Lisk SDK API.

|Template
|<<nats,NATS>> (private)
|The Template component is an abstract component that the all Lisk Service components inherit from.
It allows all components to share a similar interface and design pattern.
Its purpose is to reduce code duplication and increase consistency between each component, simplifying code maintenance and testing.

|Bitcoin
|9905 (public)
|The Bitcoin Component communicates with {url_electrumx_docs}[ElectrumX^] to retrieve data from the Bitcoin network.
The Bitcoin component provides bitcoin data from Electrum server and acts as a bridge for the Lisk Service API.

|Storage
|9906 (private)
|The Storage Component is designed for storing retrieving data.
Data persistence is guaranteed by the {url_github_leveldb}[LevelDB] database engine.

|Market
|<<nats,NATS>> (private)
|The Market Component takes care about data from external APIs such as blog platforms, and cryptocurrency exchanges.

> It supports a persistent storage that allows to retrieve data from any time period, regardless from its source's availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It supports a persistent storage that provides the scope to retrieve data from any time period, regardless of its source's availability.
```

|===

[[nats]]
=== NATS

`NATS` means that internal microservice communication is handled by the {url_moleculer}[Moleculer] framework and {url_nats}[NATS] message broker.

//TODO: Needs update, utils folder soesnt seem to be present anymore.
To access the Moleculer-based services directly, use the scripts in the `utils/` directory.

== Usage

=== Installation

> To install Lisk Service with all its dependencies, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Lisk Service with all its dependencies, execute the following command:
```
